---
title: "About me"
date: 2025-02-27T15:34:30-04:00
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - bio
---

## <ins>Introduction</ins>

Hello! Thanks for visiting my blog. 

My name is Drew, and in this post, I'll be introducing myself, detailing my background, interests, and a proposition for collaboration.

I lived in several places growing up, though I consider Metropolitan Atlanta home. Interesting family dynamic as my father's side is "sportsball" type of folks while my mother's side are tinkerers and comics.

I've been a technologist my entire life: Early on, this manifested through being a gamer in the 6th-gen console world, along with indulging in flash games on versions 1-3.5 of Firefox. I used to spend hours surfing the web, often finding myself in rabbitholes in wikis or navigating to websites saturated with riskware. It would be unfair not to mention my zeal for cinema; this alone is only a fraction of how I like to express myself creatively. 

My freshman year of high school was when I received a glimpse of Cybersecurity.  

I'm sure you remember in high school the final period or block before you're let out: At some point, you might have become antsy, eager, or otherwise unengaged. During one of those moments when I experienced this, it led me to discover DOM-based HTML manipulation. Within 48 hours, I vandalized my school's website with expletives and arbitrary content. My 15-year-old mind thought it'd be funny to capture my work and share it on social media (done on a Friday). By Monday morning, I was called into the principal's office. 

Moving forward in time, I started my career as an intern IT Specialist for a construction firm. Following undergrad and throughout grad school, which I attended immediately thereafter, I worked as a Security Operations Center (SOC) Analyst for one of the largest K12 systems in the US. After 1.75 years of employment there, I landed and currently work as an IT Security Services Associate for an Accounting/Advisory firm, prominent in the Southeast. I currently hold Security+, AWS CCP, and working towards GCPN (GIAC Cloud Penetration Tester). 

Outside of gaming (FPSs, Fighter, Adventure/Fantasy) and movies (Horror, Thriller, Indie), I enjoy: Offroading, Travelling, Exploring Eateries, Reading, Geography, and Entrepreneurship!

Feel free to contact me! Refer to the links in the top-left corner (I have no contact preference). I'd love to chat, answer questions, or collaborate on technical projects. I'd be of most use with anything security or software development related. 
